Hello dear friends today I am you
I show you how to get to Bangkok to get into
the police how to even get into titanium
because I will not show but the point is
how do i show you
demonstrate and you can get into
those places that they could not get
It is still glich, he is still working and not
spotted it will last
but thanks to him you can get
some star who get into
principle is impossible so let's go
if near
option did not work try to make
near
police in singapore can say
will decorate in this place but maybe
it will turn out here and see now but he
was an opportunity to fix the sleep did not care all
know see now maybe not
everywhere you can get I would I pass I
baby but not everywhere
Motor Show did not work but Polish
the plot is quite a can walk more precisely
the last rain is ordinary helicopter
but in single player I'm not sure what's here
also worth a look at what is possible
go to gta online now see how
you see
and on the clutches the plot itself still
even memory is awkward
came out they just do not help a fig
but we only benefit us, no one will
kill
This easier access Nurov so here you have
here it is blocked
try the effect too pure effect
let's try to turn it off and
try to get inside twitch about
three Sergey himself all
I went to the roof but had to Krishna
He lives in his HIV, he does not work
Fixed a but it does not always work like
contract as you can see more suitable
where do you already want me from
show you a very interesting thing if
you are played on hurried 4 there are such
friend there is then you can sleep the touchpad in
time the browser is very cool convenient
only show you see i can
use the touchpad it is almost spot
let's say I want a bank then choose
click on it that is very rub
what kind of laptop can work after so
in Odessa it is very cool done on
i really like how much the count
how how how shit flew so well
one place where it seems to be as possible
sneak say this jar cake
located
I'll show it myself but I need a quick mouth
roughly speaking
this is where the tip seems to be
how can he also penetrate
let's not show ourselves but
if you use our cheat system
look that Galich
turn on turn on mode and try
let's
opa opa opa we entered we entered the bank
now you can calm it Kravets so
we have this here but actually
there is nothing interesting just
Employees of the month have opportunities
of course we can children in the room with
safe in my court has already taken
robbed before us see someone kept
arrows with the contract and the marriage world
just a tin here item remember that is
on a single company mission to this bank
rob there only end
Apparently, there were already a trevor franklin and
michael want nothing in the bank here on
The problem of course you can not get out but
all you can kill yourself so no problems
Should be an hour check out for you
can not so well, in general there as
Seen 2 place this police station in
the central city in which you can find
take a walk avoid on the roof go there
even through some doors in general so
and than many doors have to go in the unit
whether it was calculated that you will highlight
will walk in single player
including perhaps you can fall for
military tower to war at airport a
also possible if you pick up on titan i
just won't show I can't show and
do the same thing then he base
fall inside titanium and can walk
and fly inside titanium and then again
you cannot go there
but there was a channel with you if you enjoyed it
start channel like everyone likes
thank you all bye